[Box] Add border width support (#7621)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/gorgeous-dryers-wash.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
'@shopify/polaris-tokens': minor
---

> - Add border width prop to `Box`
> - Export color token subset alias types from tokens package and remove from `Box`

Reviewer: I don't know if we're still trying to do past tense with these but I think it makes more sense in the changelog 🤷 

```suggestion
- Added border width prop to `Box`
- Exported color token subset alias types from tokens package and remove from `Box`
```
